         Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
  tives of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
  SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.
         This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Kennedy–King Estab-
  lishment Act of 2018’’.
  SEC. 2. FINDINGS.
         Congress finds that—
                (1) on April 4, 1968, Robert F. Kennedy was
         scheduled to give a speech in Indianapolis, Indiana,
         during the campaign of Mr. Kennedy for the presi-
         dency of the United States;
                (2)  just  before  giving  the  prepared  remarks,
         Mr. Kennedy was informed of the assassination of
         Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., before the news be-
         came widely known publicly;
                (3) Mr. Kennedy changed the prepared remarks
         to inform the large gathering of the death of Dr.
         King in a manner that called for a nonviolent reac-
         tion to the violent death;
                (4) the call of Mr. Kennedy for nonviolence in
         a moment of unbearable pain helped temper the re-
         action of people in Indianapolis to the assassination
         of  Dr.  King,  such  that,  while  many  other  cities
         erupted in violence and rioting, Indianapolis did not
         suffer riots or bloodshed in the days after the assas-
         sination of Dr. King;
                (5) the speech of Mr. Kennedy on the volatile
         occasion has been described as 1 of the great ad-
         dresses of the 20th century, calling for unity in a
         time of great unrest;
                (6) the heartfelt leadership of Mr. Kennedy and
         call for nonviolence in the face of violence, prior to
         the assassination of Mr. Kennedy, continues to be a
         model for people of the United States;
                (7) the park site at which the speech was held
         was established in 1961 and has served the commu-
         nity as a gathering place for social movements and
         engagement, which is the reason why the site was
         selected as the location for the speech of Mr. Ken-
         nedy;
                (8) a memorial sculpture, known as ‘‘Landmark
         for Peace’’, honoring Mr. Kennedy and Dr. King
         was erected on the site in 1994 to commemorate the
         events of April 4, 1968, and the message of non-
         violence taught by Mr. Kennedy and Dr. King;
                (9) the improvised remarks of Mr. Kennedy to
         a  stricken  community  continue  to  resonate  today
         and the site continues to inspire social engagement
         with  the  words  of  Mr.  Kennedy,  ‘‘Why  don’t  we
         make a monument to peace where all of us can live
         together, not with walls coming up but with walls
         tearing down, so we can go forward together?’’; and
                (10) the site of the speech given by Mr. Ken-
         nedy on April 4, 1968, should be preserved as a na-
         tional treasure, and the preservation of the site is
         most fitting on the 50th anniversary of the speech.
  SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS.
         In this Act:
                (1) HISTORIC SITE.—The term ‘‘Historic Site’’
         means the Kennedy–King National Historic Site es-
         tablished by section 4(a)(1).
                (2) MAP.—The term ‘‘Map’’ means the map en-
         titled ‘‘Kennedy–King National Historic Site Pro-
         posed Boundary’’.
                (3) SECRETARY.—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means
         the Secretary of the Interior.
                (4) STATE.—The term ‘‘State’’ means the State
         of Indiana.
  SEC.  4.  ESTABLISHMENT  OF  THE  KENNEDY–KING  NA-
                     TIONAL HISTORIC SITE.
         (a) ESTABLISHMENT.—
                (1)  IN  GENERAL.—Subject  to  paragraph  (2),
         there is established the Kennedy–King National His-
         toric Site in the State as a unit of the National Park
         System to preserve, protect, and interpret for the
         benefit of present and future generations the site of
         the April 4, 1968, speech of Senator Robert F. Ken-
         nedy that is associated with the Kennedy–King Park
         in Indianapolis, Indiana.
                (2)   CONDITION   FOR   ESTABLISHMENT.—The
         Historic Site shall not be established until the date
         on which the Secretary determines that sufficient
         land has been acquired for the Historic Site to con-
         stitute a manageable unit.
         (b) BOUNDARIES.—The boundaries of the Historic
  Site shall be the boundaries generally depicted on the
  Map.
         (c) AVAILABILITY OF MAP.—The Map shall be on file
  and available for public inspection in the appropriate of-
  fices of the National Park Service.
         (d) ACQUISITION AUTHORITY.—
                (1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary may acquire
         any  land  or  interest  in  land  located  within  the
         boundary of the Kennedy–King Park by—
                       (A) donation;
                       (B) purchase with donated or appropriated
                funds;
                       (C) exchange;
                       (D) lease or no-cost lease; and
                       (E)  cooperative  agreements  to  facilitate
                continued access to, and maintenance of, and to
                promote the success of the Historic Site, includ-
                ing revenue generation.
                (2) BOUNDARY REVISION.—On the acquisition
         of any land or interest in land within the Historic
         Site under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall revise
         the boundary of the Historic Site to include the ac-
         quired land or interest in land.
                (3)  PROHIBITION  OF  ADMISSION  FEES.—The
         Secretary shall not charge a fee for admission to the
         Historic Site.
         (e) ADMINISTRATION.—
                (1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary shall admin-
         ister the Historic Site in accordance with—
                       (A) this Act; and
                       (B) the laws generally applicable to units
                of the National Park System, including—
                              (i) section 100101(a), chapter 1003,
                       and sections 100751(a), 100752, 100753,
                       and  102101  of  title  54,  United  States
                       Code; and
                              (ii) chapter 3201 of title 54, United
                       States Code.
                (2) MANAGEMENT PLAN.—
                       (A)  IN  GENERAL.—Not  later  than  180
                days after the date on which funds are made
                available to prepare a general management plan
                for the Historic Site, the Secretary shall pre-
                pare the general management plan in accord-
                ance with section 100502 of title 54, United
                States Code.
                       (B)  SUBMISSION  TO  CONGRESS.—Imme-
                diately after completion of the general manage-
                ment plan under subparagraph (A), the Sec-
                retary  shall  submit  the  general  management
                plan to the Committee on Natural Resources of
                the  House  of  Representatives  and  the  Com-
                mittee on Energy and Natural Resources of the
                Senate.
