     Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
 tives of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
 SECTION 1. CONGRESSIONAL APPROVAL BEFORE ADJUST-
            MENT BY PRESIDENT OF IMPORTS DETER-
            MINED TO THREATEN TO IMPAIR NATIONAL
            SECURITY.
     (a) IN GENERAL.—Section 232 of the Trade Expan-
 sion Act of 1962 (19 U.S.C. 1862) is amended—
         (1) in subsection (c)—
             (A) in paragraph (1)—
                 (i) by striking subparagraph (B);
                 (ii) in the matter preceding clause (i),
             by striking ‘‘(A) Within’’ and inserting
             ‘‘Within’’;
                 (iii) by redesignating clauses (i) and
             (ii) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respec-
             tively; and
                 (iv) in subparagraph (B), as redesig-
             nated by clause (iii)—
                     (I) by striking ‘‘determine’’ and
                 inserting ‘‘submit to Congress, not
                 later than 15 days after making that
                 determination, a proposal regarding’’;
                 and
                     (II) by striking ‘‘must’’ and in-
                 serting ‘‘should’’; and
             (B) by striking paragraphs (2) and (3) and
     ‘‘(2) The President shall submit to Congress for re-
 view under subsection (f) a report describing the action
 proposed to be taken under paragraph (1) and specifying
 the reasons for such proposal. Such report shall be in-
 cluded in the report published under subsection (e).’’;
         (2) by redesignating the second subsection (d)
     as subsection (e); and
         (3) by striking subsection (f) and inserting the
     following:
     ‘‘(f) CONGRESSIONAL APPROVAL OF PRESIDENTIAL
 ADJUSTMENT OF IMPORTS; JOINT RESOLUTION OF AP-
 PROVAL.—
         ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—An action to adjust imports
     proposed by the President and submitted to Con-
     gress under subsection (c)(2) shall have force and
     effect only upon the enactment of a joint resolution
     of approval, provided for in paragraph (3), relating
     to that action.
         ‘‘(2) PERIOD FOR REVIEW BY CONGRESS.—The
     period for congressional review of a report required
     to be submitted under subsection (c)(2) shall be 60
     calendar days.
         ‘‘(3) JOINT RESOLUTIONS OF APPROVAL.—
             ‘‘(A) JOINT RESOLUTION OF APPROVAL
         DEFINED.—In this subsection, the term ‘joint
         resolution of approval’ means only a joint reso-
         lution of either House of Congress—
                 ‘‘(i) the title of which is as follows: ‘A
             joint resolution approving the proposal of
             the President to take an action relating to
             the adjustment of imports entering into
             the United States in such quantities or
             under such circumstances as to threaten or
             impair the national security.’; and
                 ‘‘(ii) the sole matter after the resolv-
             ing clause of which is the following: ‘Con-
             gress approves of the recommendation of
             the President to Congress relating to the
             adjustment of imports to protect the na-
             tional security as proposed by the Presi-
             dent in the report submitted to Congress
             under section 232(c)(2) of the Trade Ex-
             pansion  Act  of  1962  (19  U.S.C.
             1862(c)(2)) on lllll relating to
             lllll.’, with the first blank space
             being filled with the appropriate date and
             the second blank space being filled with a
             short description of the proposed action.
             ‘‘(B) INTRODUCTION.—During the period
         of 60 calendar days provided for under para-
         graph (2), a joint resolution of approval may be
         introduced and shall be referred to the appro-
         priate committee.
             ‘‘(C) FLOOR CONSIDERATION IN HOUSE OF
         REPRESENTATIVES.—If a committee of the
         House of Representatives to which a joint reso-
         lution of approval has been referred has not re-
         ported the joint resolution within 10 calendar
         days after the date of referral, that committee
         shall be discharged from further consideration
         of the joint resolution.
             ‘‘(D) CONSIDERATION IN THE SENATE.—
                 ‘‘(i) COMMITTEE REFERRAL.—A joint
             resolution of approval introduced in the
             Senate shall be referred to the Committee
             on Finance.
                 ‘‘(ii) REPORTING AND DISCHARGE.—
             If the committee to which a joint resolu-
             tion of approval was referred has not re-
             ported the joint resolution within 10 cal-
             endar days after the date of referral of the
             joint resolution, that committee shall be
             discharged from further consideration of
             the joint resolution and the joint resolution
             shall be placed on the appropriate cal-
             endar.
                 ‘‘(iii)  PROCEEDING  TO  CONSIDER-
             ATION.—Notwithstanding Rule XXII of
             the Standing Rules of the Senate, it is in
             order at any time after the Committee on
             Finance reports a joint resolution of ap-
             proval or has been discharged from consid-
             eration of such a joint resolution to move
             to proceed to the consideration of the joint
             resolution. The motion to proceed is not
             debatable. The motion is not subject to a
             motion to postpone. A motion to reconsider
             the vote by which the motion is agreed to
             or disagreed to shall not be in order.
                 ‘‘(iv) RULINGS OF THE CHAIR ON
             PROCEDURE.—Appeals from the decisions
             of the Chair relating to the application of
             the rules of the Senate, as the case may
             be, to the procedure relating to a joint res-
             olution of approval shall be decided by the
             Senate without debate.
             ‘‘(E) RULES RELATING TO SENATE AND
         HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.—
                 ‘‘(i) TREATMENT OF SENATE JOINT
             RESOLUTION IN HOUSE.—In the House of
             Representatives, the following procedures
             shall apply to a joint resolution of approval
             received from the Senate (unless the House
             has already passed a joint resolution relat-
             ing to the same proposed action):
                     ‘‘(I) The joint resolution shall be
                 referred to the Committee on Ways
                 and Means.
                     ‘‘(II) If the Committee on Ways
                 and Means has not reported the joint
                 resolution within 2 calendar days
                 after the date of referral, that com-
                 mittee shall be discharged from fur-
                 ther consideration of the joint resolu-
                 tion.
                     ‘‘(III) Beginning on the third leg-
                 islative day after each committee to
                 which a joint resolution has been re-
                 ferred reports the joint resolution to
                 the House or has been discharged
                 from further consideration thereof, it
                 shall be in order to move to proceed
                 to consider the joint resolution in the
                 House. All points of order against the
                 motion are waived. Such a motion
                 shall not be in order after the House
                 has disposed of a motion to proceed
                 on the joint resolution. The previous
                 question shall be considered as or-
                 dered on the motion to its adoption
                 without intervening motion. The mo-
                 tion shall not be debatable. A motion
                 to reconsider the vote by which the
                 motion is disposed of shall not be in
                 order.
                     ‘‘(IV) The joint resolution shall
                 be considered as read. All points of
                 order against the joint resolution and
                 against its consideration are waived.
                 The previous question shall be consid-
                 ered as ordered on the joint resolution
                 to final passage without intervening
                 motion except 2 hours of debate
                 equally divided and controlled by the
                 sponsor of the joint resolution (or a
                 designee) and an opponent. A motion
                 to reconsider the vote on passage of
                 the joint resolution shall not be in
                 order.
                 ‘‘(ii) TREATMENT OF HOUSE JOINT
             RESOLUTION IN SENATE.—
                     ‘‘(I) If, before the passage by the
                 Senate of a joint resolution of ap-
                 proval, the Senate receives an iden-
                 tical joint resolution from the House
                 of Representatives, the following pro-
                 cedures shall apply:
                         ‘‘(aa) That joint resolution
                     shall not be referred to a com-
                     mittee.
                         ‘‘(bb) With respect to that
                     joint resolution—
                             ‘‘(AA) the procedure in
                         the Senate shall be the same
                         as if no joint resolution had
                         been  received  from  the
                         House of Representatives;
                         but
                             ‘‘(BB) the vote on pas-
                         sage shall be on the joint
                         resolution from the House of
                         Representatives.
                     ‘‘(II) If, following passage of a
                 joint resolution of approval in the
                 Senate, the Senate receives an iden-
                 tical joint resolution from the House
                 of Representatives, that joint resolu-
                 tion shall be placed on the appropriate
                 Senate calendar.
                     ‘‘(III) If a joint resolution of ap-
                 proval is received from the House,
                 and no companion joint resolution has
                 been introduced in the Senate, the
                 Senate procedures as described in
                 subparagraph (D) shall apply to the
                 House joint resolution.
             ‘‘(F) RULES OF HOUSE OF REPRESENTA-
         TIVES AND SENATE.—This paragraph is en-
         acted by Congress—
                 ‘‘(i) as an exercise of the rulemaking
             power of the Senate and the House of Rep-
             resentatives, respectively, and as such is
             deemed a part of the rules of each House,
             respectively, and supersedes other rules
             only to the extent that it is inconsistent
             with such rules; and
                 ‘‘(ii) with full recognition of the con-
             stitutional right of either House to change
             the rules (so far as relating to the proce-
             dure of that House) at any time, in the
             same manner, and to the same extent as in
             the case of any other rule of that House.’’.
     (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—
         (1) IN GENERAL.—The amendments made by
     subsection (a) shall apply to any proposed action
     covered by subsection (c) of section 232 of the Trade
     Expansion Act of 1962 (19 U.S.C. 1862), as so
     amended, on or after the date that is two years be-
     fore the date of the enactment of this Act.
         (2) TIMING OF CERTAIN PROPOSALS.—If the
     President makes a determination described in sub-
     section (c)(1)(A) of such section, as so amended,
     during the period beginning on the date that is two
     years before the date of the enactment of this Act
     and ending on the day before such date of enact-
     ment, the submission to Congress of the proposal de-
     scribed in subsection (c)(1)(B) of such section, as so
     amended, shall be required not later than 15 days
     after such date of enactment.
         (3) MODIFICATION OF DUTY RATE AMOUNTS.—
             (A) IN GENERAL.—Any rate of duty modi-
         fied under section 232(c) of the Trade Expan-
         sion Act of 1962 (19 U.S.C. 1862(c)) during
         the period specified in paragraph (2) shall on
         the date of the enactment of this Act revert to
         the rate of duty in effect before such modifica-
         tion.
             (B) RETROACTIVE APPLICATION FOR CER-
         TAIN LIQUIDATIONS AND RELIQUIDATIONS.—
                 (i) IN GENERAL.—Subject to clause
             (ii), any entry of an article that—
                     (I) was made—
                         (aa) on or after the date
                     that is two years before the date
                     of the enactment of this Act; and
                         (bb) before such date of en-
                     actment; and
                     (II) to which a lower rate of duty
                 would be applicable due to the appli-
                 cation of subparagraph (A),
             shall be liquidated or reliquidated as
             though such entry occurred on such date
             of enactment.
                 (ii) REQUESTS.—A liquidation or re-
             liquidation may be made under clause (i)
             with respect to an entry only if a request
             therefor is filed with U.S. Customs and
             Border Protection not later than 180 days
             after the date of the enactment of this Act
             that contains sufficient information to en-
             able U.S. Customs and Border Protec-
             tion—
                     (I) to locate the entry; or
                     (II) to reconstruct the entry if it
                 cannot be located.
                 (iii) PAYMENT OF AMOUNTS OWED.—
             Any amounts owed by the United States
             pursuant to the liquidation or reliquidation
             of an entry of an article under clause (i)
             shall be paid, without interest, not later
             than 90 days after the date of the liquida-
             tion or reliquidation (as the case may be).
