     Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
 tives of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
 SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.
     This Act may be cited as the ‘‘American Opportunity
 Carbon Fee Act’’.
 SEC. 2. CARBON DIOXIDE AND OTHER GREENHOUSE GAS
            EMISSION FEES.
     (a) IN GENERAL.—Chapter 38 of the Internal Rev-
 enue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end there-
 of the following new subchapter:
   ‘‘Subchapter E—Carbon Dioxide and Other
         Greenhouse Gas Emission Fees
 ‘‘SEC. 4691. FEE FOR CARBON DIOXIDE EMISSIONS.
     ‘‘(a) IN GENERAL.—
         ‘‘(1) FOSSIL FUEL PRODUCTS PRODUCING CAR-
     BON EMISSIONS.—
             ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—There is hereby im-
         posed a fee in an amount equal to the applica-
         ble amount at the rate specified in subpara-
         graph (B) on—
                 ‘‘(i) coal—
                     ‘‘(I) removed from any mine in
                 the United States, or
                     ‘‘(II) entered into the United
                 States  for  consumption,  use,  or
                 warehousing,
                 ‘‘(ii) petroleum products—
                     ‘‘(I) removed from any refinery,
                     ‘‘(II) removed from any terminal,
                 or
                     ‘‘(III) entered into the United
                 States  for  consumption,  use,  or
                 warehousing, and
                 ‘‘(iii) natural gas—
                     ‘‘(I) entered into any processor,
                 or
                     ‘‘(II) entered into the United
                 States  for  consumption,  use,  or
                 warehousing.
             ‘‘(B) RATE.—The rate specified in this
         subparagraph with respect to any product de-
         scribed in subparagraph (A) is an amount equal
         to the applicable amount per ton of carbon di-
         oxide that would be emitted through the com-
         bustion of such product (as determined by the
         Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of
         Energy and the Administrator of the Environ-
         mental Protection Agency).
         ‘‘(2) EMISSIONS ATTRIBUTABLE TO OTHER
     SUBSTANCES.—There is hereby imposed a fee in an
     amount equal to the applicable amount per ton of
     carbon dioxide emitted—
             ‘‘(A) from any facility which—
                 ‘‘(i) is required to report emissions, or
             to which emissions are attributed, under
             subpart A of part 98 of title 40, Code of
             Federal Regulations, as in effect on the
             date of the enactment of the American Op-
             portunity Carbon Fee Act, and
                 ‘‘(ii) emits not less than 25,000 tons
             of carbon dioxide emissions during the pre-
             vious calendar year, and
             ‘‘(B) by reason of the combustion or proc-
         essing of any product other than coal, petro-
         leum products, and natural gas.
     ‘‘(b) APPLICABLE AMOUNT.—
         ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—For purposes of this part,
     the applicable amount is—
             ‘‘(A) for calendar year 2015, $42,
             ‘‘(B) for any calendar year following a year
         which is not a national emissions target attain-
         ment year, the sum of—
                 ‘‘(i) the product of the amount in ef-
             fect under this subparagraph for the pre-
             ceding calendar year and 102 percent, and
                 ‘‘(ii) the inflation adjustment amount
             determined under paragraph (2), and
             ‘‘(C) for any calendar year following a year
         which is a national emissions target attainment
         year, the sum of—
                 ‘‘(i) the amount in effect under this
             subparagraph for the preceding calendar
             year, and
                 ‘‘(ii) the inflation adjustment amount
             determined under paragraph (2).
         ‘‘(2) INFLATION ADJUSTMENT AMOUNT.—
             ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—The inflation adjust-
         ment amount for any calendar year shall be an
         amount (not less than zero) equal to the prod-
         uct of—
                 ‘‘(i) the amount determined under
             paragraph (1)(B)(i) or (1)(C)(i), as appli-
             cable, for such year, and
                 ‘‘(ii) the percentage by which the CPI
             for the preceding calendar year exceeds the
             CPI for the second preceding calendar
             year.
             ‘‘(B) CPI.—Rules similar to the rules of
         paragraphs (4) and (5) of section 1(f) shall
         apply for purposes of this paragraph.
         ‘‘(3) ROUNDING.—The applicable amount under
     this subsection shall be rounded up to the next whole
     dollar amount.
         ‘‘(4) NATIONAL EMISSIONS TARGET ATTAIN-
     MENT YEAR.—For purposes of paragraph (1), a cal-
     endar year is a national emissions target attainment
     year if the level of greenhouse gas emissions in the
     United States for the calendar year does not exceed
     20 percent of the level of greenhouse gas emissions
     in the United States for calendar year 2005 as de-
     termined by the Secretary in consultation with the
     Administrator of the Environmental Protection
     Agency.
     ‘‘(c) REFUNDS FOR CAPTURING CARBON DIOXIDE
 AND PRODUCTION OF CERTAIN GOODS.—
         ‘‘(1) CARBON DIOXIDE CAPTURE, UTILIZATION,
     AND STORAGE.—
             ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—In the case of a per-
         son who—
                 ‘‘(i) uses any coal, petroleum product,
             or natural gas for which a fee has been im-
             posed under subsection (a)(1) in a manner
             which results in the emission of qualified
             carbon dioxide,
                 ‘‘(ii) captures the resulting emitted
             qualified carbon dioxide at a qualified facil-
             ity, and
                 ‘‘(iii)(I) disposes of such qualified car-
             bon dioxide in secure storage, or
                 ‘‘(II) utilizes such qualified carbon di-
             oxide in a manner provided in subpara-
             graph (D),
             there shall be allowed a refund, in the
             same manner as if it were an overpayment
             of the fee imposed by such subsection, to
             such person in amount determined under
             subparagraph (B).
             ‘‘(B) AMOUNT OF REFUND.—The amount
         of the refund under this subparagraph is an
         amount equal to the product of—
                 ‘‘(i) the applicable amount under sub-
             section (b) for the calendar year in which
             such qualified carbon dioxide was captured
             and disposed or utilized, and
                 ‘‘(ii) the adjusted tons of qualified
             carbon dioxide captured and disposed or
             utilized.
             ‘‘(C) ADJUSTED TOTAL TONS.—For pur-
         poses of subparagraph (B), the adjusted tons of
         qualified carbon dioxide captured and disposed
         or utilized shall be the total tons of qualified
         carbon dioxide captured and disposed or utilized
         reduced by the amount of any anticipated leak-
         age of carbon dioxide into the atmosphere due
         to imperfect storage technology or otherwise, as
         determined by the Secretary in consultation
         with the Administrator of the Environmental
         Protection Agency.
             ‘‘(D) REQUIREMENTS.—
                 ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL.—Any refund under
             subparagraph (A) shall apply only with re-
             spect to qualified carbon dioxide that has
             been captured and disposed or utilized
             within the United States.
                 ‘‘(ii) DISPOSAL AND SECURE STOR-
             AGE.—
                     ‘‘(I)  SECURE  STORAGE.—The
                 Secretary, in consultation with the
                 Administrator of the Environmental
                 Protection Agency and the Secretary
                 of Energy, shall establish regulations
                 similar to the regulations under sec-
                 tion 45Q(d)(2) for determining ade-
                 quate security measures for the secure
                 storage of qualified carbon dioxide for
                 purposes of subparagraph (A)(iii)(I).
                     ‘‘(II)  RECAPTURE.—The  Sec-
                 retary shall, by regulations, provide
                 for recapturing the benefit of any re-
                 fund made under subparagraph (A)
                 with respect to any qualified carbon
                 dioxide which is disposed in secure
                 storage and ceases to be stored in a
                 manner consistent with the require-
                 ments of this section.
                 ‘‘(iii) UTILIZATION.—The Secretary,
             in consultation with the Administrator of
             the  Environmental  Protection  Agency,
             shall establish regulations providing for the
             appropriate methods and manners for the
             utilization  of  qualified  carbon  dioxide
             under subparagraph (A)(iii)(II), including
             the utilization of captured carbon dioxide
             for enhanced oil or gas recovery and the
             production of substances such as plastics,
             biofuels, and chemicals. Such regulations
             shall provide for the minimization of the
             escape or further emission of the qualified
             carbon dioxide into the atmosphere.
             ‘‘(E) QUALIFIED CARBON DIOXIDE; QUALI-
         FIED FACILITY.—For purposes of this para-
         graph—
                 ‘‘(i) QUALIFIED CARBON DIOXIDE.—
             The term ‘qualified carbon dioxide’ has the
             same meaning given that term under sec-
             tion 45Q(b).
                 ‘‘(ii) QUALIFIED FACILITY.—The term
             ‘qualified facility’ has the same meaning
             given that term under section 45Q(c), de-
             termined without regard to paragraph (3)
             thereof.
         ‘‘(2) MANUFACTURE OF CERTAIN GOODS.—In
     the case of a person who uses any coal, petroleum
     product, or natural gas for which a fee has been im-
     posed under subsection (a)(1) as an input for a
     manufactured good that encapsulates carbon dioxide
     in a manner such that it does not result in the direct
     emission of carbon dioxide in the manufacturing or
     subsequent use of such good, a refund shall be al-
     lowed to such person in the same manner as if it
     were an overpayment of the fee imposed by such sec-
     tion in an amount that is equal to the product of—
             ‘‘(A) an amount equal to the applicable
         amount under subsection (b) for the calendar
         year in which such product was used, and
             ‘‘(B) the total tons of carbon dioxide that
         would have otherwise been emitted through the
         combustion of such product.
         ‘‘(3) EXPORTS.—In the case of a person who
     exports any coal, petroleum product, or natural gas
     from the United States for which a fee has been im-
     posed under subsection (a)(1), a refund shall be al-
     lowed to such person in the same manner as if it
     were an overpayment of the fee imposed by such sec-
     tion in an amount that is equal to the fee previously
     imposed under such section with respect to such
     product.
 ‘‘SEC. 4692. FEE FOR NON-CARBON DIOXIDE GREENHOUSE
            GAS EMISSIONS.
     ‘‘(a) IN GENERAL.—There is hereby imposed a fee
 in an amount determined under subsection (b) on the
 emission (including attributed emissions) of any green-
 house gas other than carbon dioxide from any greenhouse
 gas emissions source.
     ‘‘(b) AMOUNT OF FEE.—The amount of fee imposed
 by subsection (a) shall be equal to the applicable amount
 determined under section 4691(b) per ton of carbon diox-
 ide equivalents emitted by the greenhouse gas emissions
 source.
     ‘‘(c) GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS SOURCE.—The
 term ‘greenhouse gas emissions source’ means any facility
 which—
         ‘‘(1) is required to report emissions (or which
     would be required to report emissions notwith-
     standing any other provision of law prohibiting the
     implementation of or use of funds for such require-
     ments), or to which emissions are attributed, under
     part 98 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations, as
     in effect on the date of the enactment of the Amer-
     ican Opportunity Carbon Fee Act, and
         ‘‘(2) emits during the previous calendar year
     greenhouse gases (not including carbon dioxide) at a
     rate equal to the carbon dioxide equivalent of not
     less than 25,000 tons.
     ‘‘(d) SPECIAL RULES.—For purposes of determining
 emissions under subsections (a) and (c)(2), there shall not
 be taken into account—
         ‘‘(1) the emission of fluorinated greenhouse
     gases other than nitrogen triflouride from any facil-
     ity that is included under—
             ‘‘(A) the electrical transmission and dis-
         tribution equipment use source category under
         subpart DD of part 98 of title 40, Code of Fed-
         eral Regulations, as in effect on the date of the
         enactment of the American Opportunity Carbon
         Fee Act,
             ‘‘(B) the electronics manufacturing source
         category under subpart I of such part, as in ef-
         fect on the date of the enactment of the Amer-
         ican Opportunity Carbon Fee Act,
             ‘‘(C) in the case of a facility that trans-
         forms or destroys such gases, the industrial gas
         supplier source category under subpart OO of
         such part, as in effect on the date of the enact-
         ment of the American Opportunity Carbon Fee
         Act, or
             ‘‘(D) the electrical equipment manufac-
         turing or refurbishment category under subpart
         SS of such part, as in effect on the date of the
         enactment of the American Opportunity Carbon
         Fee Act, or
         ‘‘(2) the emission of triflouride from any facility
     that is included under—
             ‘‘(A) the industrial gas supplier source cat-
         egory under subpart OO of part 98 of title 40,
         Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on the
         date of the enactment of the American Oppor-
         tunity Carbon Fee Act, or
             ‘‘(B) the source category for importers and
         exporters of fluorinated greenhouse gases con-
         tained in pre-charged equipment or closed-cell
         foams under subpart QQ of such part, as in ef-
         fect on the date of the enactment of the Amer-
         ican Opportunity Carbon Fee Act.
 ‘‘SEC. 4693. ESCAPED METHANE.
     ‘‘(a) REPORTING PROGRAM.—
         ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—Not later than January 1,
     2016, the Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation
     with the Administrator of the Environmental Protec-
     tion Agency and the Administrator of the Energy
     Information Administration, shall establish and im-
     plement a program to provide for the collection of
     data on methane emissions by major non-natural
     sources, including methane emissions attributable to
     the extraction and distribution of coal, petroleum
     products, and natural gas.
         ‘‘(2) ANNUAL REPORT.—Not later than 12
     months after the date that the Secretary implements
     the program described in paragraph (1), and annu-
     ally thereafter, the Secretary shall issue a report, to
     be made available to the public and the appropriate
     Committees of Congress, on methane emissions, in-
     cluding—
             ‘‘(A) identification of all major non-natural
         sources categories of methane emissions,
             ‘‘(B) the total amount, expressed in tons of
         carbon dioxide equivalent, of—
                 ‘‘(i) methane emissions attributable to
             the extraction and distribution of coal
             within the United States during the pre-
             ceding calendar year,
                 ‘‘(ii) methane emissions attributable
             to the extraction and distribution of petro-
             leum products within the United States
             during the preceding calendar year, and
                 ‘‘(iii) methane emissions attributable
             to the extraction and distribution of nat-
             ural gas within the United States during
             the preceding calendar year, and
             ‘‘(C) the total amount, expressed in tons of
         carbon dioxide equivalent, of—
                 ‘‘(i) greenhouse gas emissions attrib-
             utable to the extraction, distribution, and
             combustion of coal within the United
             States during the preceding calendar year,
                 ‘‘(ii) greenhouse gas emissions attrib-
             utable to the extraction, distribution, and
             combustion of petroleum products within
             the United States during the preceding cal-
             endar year, and
                 ‘‘(iii) greenhouse gas emissions attrib-
             utable to the extraction, distribution, and
             combustion of natural gas within the
             United States during the preceding cal-
             endar year.
     ‘‘(b) SUPPLEMENTARY FEE FOR ESCAPED METH-
 ANE.—
         ‘‘(1) COAL.—In the case of any calendar year
     beginning after 2016, the fee imposed under section
     4691(a)(1) with respect to coal shall be increased by
     the amount determined by the Secretary (in con-
     sultation with the Administrator of the Environ-
     mental Protection Agency) necessary to ensure that
     the total fees collected under such section with re-
     spect to coal are equal to the total amount of such
     fees that would be collected on coal if the fee im-
     posed under section 4691(a)(1) applied to the car-
     bon-dioxide equivalent of methane emissions re-
     ported under subsection (a)(2)(B)(i).
         ‘‘(2) PETROLEUM PRODUCTS.—In the case of
     any calendar year beginning after 2016, the fee im-
     posed under section 4691(a)(1) with respect to pe-
     troleum products shall be increased by the amount
     determined by the Secretary (in consultation with
     the Administrator of the Environmental Protection
     Agency) necessary to ensure that the total fees col-
     lected under such section with respect to petroleum
     products are equal to the total amount of such fees
     that would be collected on petroleum products if the
     fee imposed under section 4691(a)(1) applied to the
     carbon-dioxide equivalent of methane emissions re-
     ported under subsection (a)(2)(B)(ii).
         ‘‘(3) NATURAL GAS.—In the case of any cal-
     endar year beginning after 2016, the fee imposed
     under section 4691(a)(1) with respect to natural gas
     shall be increased by the amount determined by the
     Secretary (in consultation with the Administrator of
     the Environmental Protection Agency) necessary to
     ensure that the total fees collected under such sec-
     tion with respect to natural gas are equal to the
     total amount of such fees that would be collected on
     natural gas if the fee imposed under section
     4691(a)(1) applied to the carbon-dioxide equivalent
     of methane emissions reported under subsection
     (a)(2)(B)(iii).
 ‘‘SEC. 4694. BORDER ADJUSTMENTS.
     ‘‘(a) EXPORTS.—
         ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—In the case of any good ex-
     ported from the United States that—
             ‘‘(A) is manufactured using as an input—
                 ‘‘(i) any coal, petroleum product, or
             natural gas that is subject to a fee under
             section 4691(a)(1) or 4693(b), or
                 ‘‘(ii) any product manufactured in a
             facility that is subject to a fee under sec-
             tion 4691(a)(2) or 4692(a), and
             ‘‘(B) as a result of such fee, has been de-
         termined by the Secretary to be placed at a
         competitive disadvantage in foreign markets
         against similar goods that are manufactured
         using inputs not subject to equivalent green-
         house gas or carbon content taxes or fees,
     the Secretary may provide an equivalency refund to
     the person exporting such good in an amount deter-
     mined under paragraph (2).
         ‘‘(2) EQUIVALENCY REFUND.—For any good
     identified by the Secretary under paragraph (1), the
     amount determined under this paragraph shall be
     equal to the difference between—
             ‘‘(A) the amount of the cost of such good
         attributable to any fees imposed under this sub-
         chapter on inputs used in the manufacturing of
         such good (as determined under regulations es-
         tablished by the Secretary), and
             ‘‘(B) the amount, if any, of the cost of
         such good which would be attributable to com-
         parable greenhouse gas or carbon content taxes
         or fees imposed by the foreign nation or sub-
         stantial governmental unit to which such good
         is exported if the inputs used in the manufac-
         turing of such good were subject to such taxes
         or fees (as determined under regulations estab-
         lished by the Secretary).
     ‘‘(b) IMPORTS.—
         ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—In the case of any good im-
     ported into the United States—
             ‘‘(A) that is manufactured using as an
         input—
                 ‘‘(i) any coal, petroleum product, or
             natural gas that is not subject to a fee
             under section 4691(a)(1) or 4693(b), or
                 ‘‘(ii) any product manufactured in a
             facility that is not subject to a fee under
             section 4691(a)(2) or 4692(a), and
             ‘‘(B) is placed at a competitive disadvan-
         tage compared to similar goods in the domestic
         market which are manufactured using inputs
         subject to such a fee, as determined under reg-
         ulations established by the Secretary,
     the Secretary may impose an equivalency fee on the
     person importing such good in an amount deter-
     mined under paragraph (2).
         ‘‘(2) EQUIVALENCY FEE.—For any good identi-
     fied by the Secretary under paragraph (1), the
     amount determined under this paragraph shall be
     equal to the difference between—
             ‘‘(A) the amount of the cost of such good
         which would be attributable to any fees imposed
         under this subchapter on inputs used in the
         manufacturing of such good if the inputs used
         in manufacturing such good were subject to
         such fees (as determined under regulations es-
         tablished by the Secretary), and
             ‘‘(B) the amount, if any, of the cost of
         such good which is attributable to comparable
         greenhouse gas or carbon content taxes or fees
         imposed by the foreign nation or substantial
         governmental unit from which such good is im-
         ported (as determined under regulations estab-
         lished by the Secretary).
     ‘‘(c) REGULATORY AUTHORITY.—The Secretary shall
 consult with the Administrator of the Environmental Pro-
 tection Agency and the Secretary of Energy in establishing
 rules and regulations implementing the purposes of this
 section.
 ‘‘SEC. 4695. DEFINITIONS AND OTHER RULES.
     ‘‘(a) DEFINITIONS.—For purposes of this sub-
 chapter:
         ‘‘(1) CARBON DIOXIDE EQUIVALENT.—
             ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—Except as provided
         under subparagraph (B), the term ‘carbon diox-
         ide equivalent’ means, with respect to a green-
         house gas, the quantity of such gas that has a
         global warming potential equivalent to 1 metric
         ton of carbon dioxide, as determined pursuant
         to table A-1 of subpart A of part 98 of title 40,
         Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on the
         date of the enactment of the American Oppor-
         tunity Carbon Fee Act.
             ‘‘(B)         EXCEPTION         FOR
         HYDROFLUOROCARBONS.—In  the  case  of
         hydrofluorocarbons emitted from any facility
         that is included under—
                 ‘‘(i) the industrial gas supplier source
             category under subpart OO of part 98 of
             title 40, Code of Federal Regulations, or
                 ‘‘(ii) the source category for importers
             and exporters of fluorinated greenhouse
             gases contained in pre-charged equipment
             or closed-cell foams under subpart QQ of
             such part,
         the term ‘carbon dioxide equivalent’ means 10
         percent   of   the   quantity   of   such
         hydrofluorocarbons that has a global warming
         potential equivalent to 1 metric ton of carbon
         dioxide, as determined pursuant to table A-1 of
         subpart A of such part, as in effect on the date
         of the enactment of the American Opportunity
         Carbon Fee Act.
         ‘‘(2) GREENHOUSE GAS.—The term ‘greenhouse
     gas’ has the meaning given such term under section
     211(o)(1)(G) of the Clean Air Act, as in effect on
     the date of the enactment of the American Oppor-
     tunity Carbon Fee Act.
         ‘‘(3) COAL.—The term ‘coal’ has the same
     meaning given such term under section 48A(c)(4).
         ‘‘(4) PETROLEUM PRODUCT.—The term ‘petro-
     leum product’ has the same meaning given such
     product under section 4612(a)(3)).
         ‘‘(5) TON.—
             ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL.—The term ‘ton’ means
         1,000 kilograms. In the case of any greenhouse
         gas which is a gas, the term ‘ton’ means the
         amount of such gas in cubic meters which is the
         equivalent of 1,000 kilograms on a molecular
         weight basis.
             ‘‘(B) FRACTIONAL PART OF TON.—In the
         case of a fraction of a ton, any fee imposed by
         this subchapter on such fraction shall be the
         same fraction of the amount of such fee im-
         posed on a whole ton.
         ‘‘(6)  UNITED  STATES.—The  term  ‘United
     States’ has the meaning given such term by section
     4612(a)(4).
     ‘‘(b) OTHER RULES.—
         ‘‘(1) ASSESSMENT AND COLLECTION.—Subject
     to subsection (d), payment of the fee imposed by
     sections 4691, 4692, and 4693 shall be assessed and
     collected in the same manner as taxes under this
     subtitle.
         ‘‘(2) REGULATIONS.—The Secretary shall pre-
     scribe such regulations as may be necessary to carry
     out the provisions of this subchapter.’’.
     (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT.—The table of sub-
 chapter for chapter 38 of the Internal Revenue Code of
 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new
 item:
     (c) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by
 this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after
 December 31, 2014.
 SEC. 3. AMERICAN OPPORTUNITY FUND.
     (a) ESTABLISHMENT OF FUND.—Subchapter A of
 chapter 98 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is
 amended by adding at the end thereof the following new
 section:
 ‘‘SEC. 9512. AMERICAN OPPORTUNITY FUND.
     ‘‘(a) CREATION OF FUND.—There is established in
 the Treasury of the United States a trust fund to be
 known as the ‘American Opportunity Fund’, consisting of
 such amounts as may be appropriated or credited to the
 American Opportunity Fund as provided in this section
 or section 9602(b).
     ‘‘(b) TRANSFERS TO FUND.—There is hereby cred-
 ited to the American Opportunity Fund an amount equal
 to the budgetary effects for the American Opportunity
 Carbon Fee Act determined pursuant to section 4 of the
 Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010 (determined with-
 out regard to section 5 of the American Opportunity Car-
 bon Fee Act).
     ‘‘(c) EXPENDITURES FROM FUND.—
         ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL.—Subject to paragraph (2),
     amounts in the American Opportunity Fund shall be
     made available for the following uses to assist Amer-
     ican families and businesses:
             ‘‘(A) Providing economic assistance to low-
         income households or households in regions
         with disproportionately high energy costs.
             ‘‘(B) Transfers to the general fund of the
         Treasury to offset tax cuts.
             ‘‘(C) Transfers to the Federal Old-Age and
         Survivors Trust Fund and the Federal Dis-
         ability Insurance Trust Fund established under
         section 201 of the Social Security Act (42
         U.S.C. 401) to provide supplemental funding
         for increases in Social Security benefits.
             ‘‘(D) Providing tuition assistance for high-
         er education or alleviating federal student loan
         debt.
             ‘‘(E) Investing in improvements to the in-
         frastructure of the United States.
             ‘‘(F) Providing dividends directly to indi-
         viduals and families.
             ‘‘(G) Providing transition assistance to
         workers and businesses in energy intensive and
         fossil fuel industries.
             ‘‘(H) Investing in mitigation and adapta-
         tion measures that promote national security,
         protect public health, conserve natural re-
         sources, or fulfill international climate commit-
         ments made by the United Nations Framework
         Convention on Climate Change.
             ‘‘(I) Reducing the debt of the United
         States.
         ‘‘(2) LIMITATION.—No amount may be made
     available from the American Opportunity Fund to
     create any new government agency or to fund gov-
     ernment operations beyond what is necessary to
     carry out the uses provided in paragraph (1).’’.
     (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT.—The table of sections
 for Subchapter A of Chapter 98 of such code is amended
 by adding at the end thereof the following new item:
 SEC. 4. PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF REVENUES AND EXPENDI-
            TURES.
     (a) ESTABLISHMENT OF WEBSITE.—The Secretary
 of the Treasury, or the Secretary’s designee, shall estab-
 lish a website for purposes of making the disclosures de-
 scribed in subsection (b)
     (b) DISCLOSURES.—The Secretary shall make pub-
 licly available, on an ongoing basis and as frequently as
 possible, the following information:
         (1) The amount and sources of revenue attrib-
     utable to this Act and the amendments made by this
     Act.
         (2) The amount, programs, and purposes for
     which expenditures are made from the American Op-
     portunity Fund.
 SEC. 5. BUDGETARY PROVISIONS.
     (a) BUDGETARY EFFECTS OF THIS ACT.—
         (1) PAYGO SCORECARD.—The budgetary effects
     of this Act and the amendments made by this Act
     shall not be entered on either PAYGO scorecard
     maintained pursuant to section 4(d) of the Statutory
     Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010 (2 U.S.C. 933(d)).
         (2) SENATE PAYGO SCORECARD.—The budg-
     etary effects of this Act and the amendments made
     by this Act shall not be entered on any PAYGO
     scorecard maintained for purposes of section 201 of
     S. Con. Res. 21 (110th Congress).
     (b)  EXCLUSION  FROM  DETERMINATION  OF
 BREACH.—Section 251(a) of the Balanced Budget and
 Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901(a))
 is amended by adding at the end the following:
         ‘‘(8) AMERICAN OPPORTUNITY FUND.—In de-
     termining whether there has been a breach during a
     fiscal year, the Office of Management and Budget
     shall not include amounts appropriated from the
     American Opportunity Fund during the fiscal year
     as discretionary appropriations if the Director of the
     Office of Management and Budget determines that
     amounts are appropriated to assist American fami-
     lies and businesses in a manner described in section
     9512(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986.’’.
     (c) PAYGO LEGISLATION.—Section 4 of the Statu-
 tory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010 (2 U.S.C. 933) is amend-
 ed by adding at the end the following:
     ‘‘(h)  OFFSET  FROM  AMERICAN  OPPORTUNITY
 FUND.—In determining the budgetary effects of a
 PAYGO Act, CBO or OMB, as applicable, shall treat any
 amounts transferred from the American Opportunity
 Fund to the General Fund of the Treasury under the
 PAYGO Act as a savings if the Director of CBO or the
 Director of OMB, as applicable, determines that the
 amounts are transferred to assist American families and
 businesses in a manner described in section 9512(c) of the
 Internal Revenue Code of 1986.’’.
 SEC. 6. SEVERABILITY.
     If any provision of this Act or amendment made by
 this Act, or the application of a provision or amendment
 to any person or circumstance, is held to be unconstitu-
 tional, the remainder of this Act and amendments made
 by this Act, and the application of the provisions and
 amendment to any person or circumstance, shall not be
 affected by the holding.
